Let us look at what are the levels of scopes.
C plus plus.
Suppose I have three variables X that is global variable and there's a local to the main function.
And this is local within this block.
So C++ have block level scope now inside this block.
If I print cout X then which value will be printed, so it will print the nearest value of x that is 30
and outside the block.
If I say cout X then which X will be printed it will printing the value that is in it's nearest
scope.
So this variable was inside this block.
Now cout is outside the block.
So when I look out.
So it will find this variable x so it will display this value 20.
So if I run this program I will get the value 30 and then 20 and inside the main function this X will
never be accessible.
That is ten, cannot be accessible inside main function.
Whenever I say X this will be accessing this local variable X but if at all I want to access this global
variable x then I should say cout scope resolution x.
So this'll be accessing that Global X that you can see that the color of x has change to green.
Now let us run this and see the values that I should get are first here 30 then 20 then here ten, yea
here are 30 20 and 10, this is the values that I got from this one.
So C++ have block levels scope.